### MongoDB is not a relational database.

 * Answer: True

### When you use MongoDB, data that is accessed together should be stored together.

 * Answer: True 

### What is a database transaction?

 * Answer: (C) A sequence of one or more database operations that are executed as a single unit of work.

### Which of the following properties is a characteristic of a database transaction?

 * Answer: A) Consistency
 
### In columnar databases, data is stored in rows.

 * Answer: False

### Partition Tolerance in CAP theorem is defined as the system continues to operate in the presence of network failure.

 * Answer: True

### Partial failure handling is one of the main problems that arise with horizontal scaling.

 * Answer: True

### Not every database can be represented as NoSQL databases.

 * Answer: False

### Graph NoSQL databases can handle complex relationships such as (social media).

 * Answer: True

### The CAP theorem proves that it is

 * Answer: b. Impossible to guarantee strict Consistency and Availability while being able to tolerate network partitions

### Which of the following statements about database pages is true?

 * Answer: C) Pages are the fundamental unit of storage used in most database management systems.

### In a relational database, a primary key is:

 * Answer: B) A unique identifier for a record in a table.

### What is a database index?

 * Answer: B) A data structure that organizes data in a database.

### The primary purpose of using indexes in a database is:

 * Answer: C) To improve the performance of data retrieval operations.

### Which type of index is automatically created for the primary key of a table?

 * Answer: A) Clustered index

### The primary key is physically implemented as:

 * Answer: b - clustered index
